README.md, before:

## Task

Write a case study on a chatbot that chats with a user, finding out his/her preferences - historical purchase - chats with the user as a  "Sales Executive" of a Coffee Shop. Please note that you must include what will be the best possible way to have the chatbot be developed from scratch: Backend setup, Front end, NLP approach, how will you train the bot to respond & what are the other key factors: for example - A simple rule set engine to begin with & how to make it more personalised conversation with any particular user with NLP. This case study must have "Approach" "Architecture" "NLP Training" "Possible Outputs" "How to personalise the bot for each user." Bonus will be if you do develop a basic version FB Chat bot/NLP for such a scenario & send us a link to test or send a demo video. 

## My report

Here's my report related to the task: [link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XllLoqytOQHZPQ-XYaDoHZiQLUwivmzK1c4fKlJDSm4/edit?usp=sharing)

## Demos

The code and demo for implementation without using any 3rd party API's is documented in the "chatbot-using-rasa-nlu.ipynb"

The code for implementation using Api.ai is in "coffee-bot.py" and it's demo can be seen in the report.

The code for my own implementation from the basics using sentence parsing is show in "chatbot-from-scratch.ipynb" -- this is still incomplete.

Commit message:

Added training data, modified README accordingly.

README.md, after:

## Task

Write a case study on a chatbot that chats with a user, finding out his/her preferences - historical purchase - chats with the user as a  "Sales Executive" of a Coffee Shop. Please note that you must include what will be the best possible way to have the chatbot be developed from scratch: Backend setup, Front end, NLP approach, how will you train the bot to respond & what are the other key factors: for example - A simple rule set engine to begin with & how to make it more personalised conversation with any particular user with NLP. This case study must have "Approach" "Architecture" "NLP Training" "Possible Outputs" "How to personalise the bot for each user." Bonus will be if you do develop a basic version FB Chat bot/NLP for such a scenario & send us a link to test or send a demo video. 

## My report

Here's my report related to the task: [link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XllLoqytOQHZPQ-XYaDoHZiQLUwivmzK1c4fKlJDSm4/edit?usp=sharing)

## Demos

The code and demo for implementation without using any 3rd party API's is documented in the **chatbot-using-rasa-nlu.ipynb**. The training data for the same is stored in **coffee-training-data.json**.

The code for implementation using Api.ai is in **coffee-bot.py** and it's demo can be seen in the report.

The code for my own implementation from the basics using sentence parsing is show in **chatbot-from-scratch.ipynb** -- this is still in the beginning stage. Needs lots of work!
